Hello and welcome back.
In this lecture I want to provide you with the ability to test your knowledge of the bridge design pattern.
So we have another assignment another challenge here is a current design that you're going to fix using
the bridge pattern right.
You can see all this messiness ALL THIS THING.
EVERYTHING'S tangled up.
We want to separate this current design into separate hierarchies.
We want to have shapes.
And then each shape has a color so we can have a separate hierarchy for shape.
And we can have a separate hierarchy for color.
Color would act as the implementer and the bridge design pattern and shape would act as the abstraction.
Shape would have a has a relationship with a color.
We can then take out the other colors green color red color and so forth from different shapes.
They're no longer loosely coupled the different shapes would just use the colors with a has a relationship
but we want to separate the implement or from the abstraction.
And right now this current design they are not separate at all the abstraction is shape and all the
implementers are inside the rectangle and triangle because they're using colors.
There's all this tangled mess.
So we want to solve this problem.
So we want to use the bridge pattern to decouple the above design.
We want to have the abstraction side be the shape side and the implementer side be the colors.
After this redesign and implementation it will have a much cleaner look and you'll have this decoupling.
You have this ability to change either side without affecting one or the other side.
The resulting implementation will include an abstraction specific and an implementer specific method
to represent the power and useful moves of this pattern.
OK.
So you're required to write a drawing program.
You're going to allow the user to draw different shapes filled with different colors in different border
sizes.
This program will consist of a drawing interface which acts as a bridge implements or the interface
should be named color eye color color interface.
It could include a single method fill with color that takes an into border concrete class of this interface
should be named Red Circle and green circle.
You can implement these would implement the fill with color by just putting out a message.
No real behavior because we're just demonstrating the bridge pattern in its use.
The bridge abstraction side the hierarchy should include an abstract class named shape which will use
the drawing interface.
It will have a has a relationship.
It will include abstract methods to draw shapes and modify borders you'll need to create concrete classes
for implementing the shape interface.
The refined abstractions those are named triangle and rectangle.
We can draw these shapes with a particular color with the implement or specific method draw shape.
We can change the thickness of the border by the abstraction specific method modify border.
You need to write a main class or a client that will use the shape class to draw different colored circles
and so some example output would be something like the following you'd have an ID at the bridge and
you have the bridge pattern.
You could say I'm coloring a triangle this triangles colored with green color and 20 inch border.
This is obviously the extractor side using the implementer side.
And then you can change the border length three times and the trier colored with green color with 60
inch border.
So you'll see that things are still changed and modified when you call the implementer and you can do
this for both shapes triangle and rectangle.
Draw a couple triangles and rectangles with different colors different filled in colors with different
border sizes and that will demonstrate the use of the bridge pattern the steps to complete the challenge
are you're going to have to create the bridge implementer interface.
I mentioned that early the color interface.
That's the implementer side you're going to have to create the concrete bridge and blender classes.
Implementing this implement or interface green color red color you're gonna have to create an after
class shape using the color interface that has a relationship that breaks the dependency their composition
over inheritance.
We don't have to have a ton of subclasses color subclasses on the extractor side.
We can just have those separate create concrete classes implementing the shape interface triangle and
rectangle and then use the shape and the color interfaces classes to draw different colored shapes.
That's what we're trying to accomplish here.
So good luck.
I'll provide a solution in the next lecture that will go through all these requirements and show you
how the bridge is implemented.
Thank you.